Release v1.0.3 (#847)
fluxcd/image-reflector-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.3

**Release date:** 2025-10-28

This patch release fixes support for SOCKS5 proxy in the controller APIs

> and fixes the ImagePolicy error `no tags in database`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch release fixes support for SOCKS5 proxy in the controller APIs
and implements automated retries of `ImagePolicies` when no image tags are found in the database.
```
